Improve "Create Cluster" Doc (#147)
astronomer/cloud-docs: docs/install-aws.md

Before completing this setup, you will need:

- A new AWS account.
- A user that has `CreateRole` permissions on that account.

For instructions on creating a new AWS account, follow [AWS documentation](https://aws.amazon.com/premiumsupport/knowledge-center/create-and-activate-aws-account/). Once your AWS account is created, proceed to Step 1.

:::tip

> If you have one or more existing AWS accounts, you can use [AWS Organizations](https://aws.amazon.com/organizations/) to manage billing, users, and more in a central place. For more information on how to add your Astronomer AWS account to your AWS Organization, read ["Inviting an AWS account to join your organization"](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_accounts_invites.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have one or more existing AWS accounts, you can use [AWS Organizations](https://aws.amazon.com/organizations/) to manage billing, users, and more in a central place. For more information on how to add your Astronomer AWS account to your AWS Organization, read [Amazon's documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/organizations/latest/userguide/orgs_manage_accounts_invites.html).
```
